c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\obj\Debug\Smart.DAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary1.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\obj\Debug\Smart.DAL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmarttechTask\ClassLibrary1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
